#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test-acceptance.txt requirements/test-acceptance.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
boto3==1.34.91
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   moto
botocore==1.34.91
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   binaryornot
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
coverage[toml]==7.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
ddt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-acceptance.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-storages
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   xblock-sdk
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-storages[google]==1.14.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
edx-django-utils==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-submissions==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==25.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
fs==2.0.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-storages
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
lxml[html-clean]==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mako==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   xblock
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
moto==4.2.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-filters==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==13.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   rich
pyinstrument==4.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test-acceptance.in
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-acceptance.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
python-swiftclient==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
    #   fs
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
    #   xblock
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   moto
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   responses
    #   xblock-sdk
responses==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   freezegun
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-swiftclient
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==4.15.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
    #   rich
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
voluptuous==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
xblock==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
xblock-sdk==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
