#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   sarif-om
aws-sam-translator==1.80.0
    # via cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.12.1
    # via moto
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
boto==2.49.0
    # via moto
boto3==1.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   moto
botocore==1.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via tox
celery==5.3.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfn-lint==0.83.3
    # via moto
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   binaryornot
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
cookiecutter==2.4.0
    # via xblock-sdk
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   moto
    #   sshpubkeys
ddt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   xblock-sdk
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-submissions
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-submissions
docker==6.1.3
    # via moto
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
edx-django-utils==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-submissions==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==20.0.3
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
fs==2.0.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   moto
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jschema-to-python==1.2.3
    # via cfn-lint
jsondiff==1.1.2
    # via moto
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-submissions
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via cfn-lint
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via jschema-to-python
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.1
    # via jsonschema
junit-xml==1.9
    # via cfn-lint
kombu==5.3.4
    # via celery
lazy==1.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
mako==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   xblock
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   moto
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
moto==1.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   cfn-lint
newrelic==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==13.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   sarif-om
    #   stevedore
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.5.1
    # via aws-sam-translator
pydantic-core==2.14.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.17.0
    # via rich
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via xblock-sdk
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via tox
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
    #   xblock
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via moto
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
python-swiftclient==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-submissions
    #   fs
    #   moto
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cfn-lint
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   moto
    #   responses
    #   xblock
referencing==0.31.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via cfn-lint
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   moto
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   responses
    #   xblock-sdk
responses==0.24.1
    # via moto
rich==13.7.0
    # via cookiecutter
rpds-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
sarif-om==1.0.4
    # via cfn-lint
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   ecdsa
    #   freezegun
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   junit-xml
    #   moto
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-swiftclient
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via moto
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
sympy==1.12
    # via cfn-lint
testfixtures==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==4.11.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   asgiref
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.6
    # via tox
voluptuous==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via docker
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via moto
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
xblock==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
xblock-sdk==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via moto
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
